why Mrs Davies you're beautiful but what
is going on with your hair
decades of home dyeing have done their
damage but it's a recent argument with a
perm that's made matters worse
I wanted my hair to look like this and
it's ended up looking like poodle Slough
it's just a teapot warmer it's not doing
anything except keeping my head warm
time for Andrew and his magic hands oily
greasy roots and really it's been every
color through the rainbow really what is
your natural color
what are you it's like a dog belong like
a dirty bombs dirty blond dirty blonde
naturally and dirty blonde how are we
gonna cut some vulnerable into this I
think the big difference will be to get
rid of a lot of this scrappy hair down
here at the bottom and as soon as we
start lifting that up I think what will
then get is this really beautiful
complimentary line running through her
jawline she's got a hot face shape so
let's really show that off by getting it
in shorter in there but before Andrew
gets his scissors out three times hair
colorist of the Year Lisa Sheppard is
going to take Amanda's blonde from dirty
to flirty
Amanda's hair is just a mixture of
everything so I've just got to even the
whole lot I first and then make them
into a really gorgeous blonde she's got
these great bright blue eyes she's got
this almost sort of European paler skin
he's got such a great youth debater but
I think she's you can take off a really
strong one master blonde
oh yeah I'm liking that definitely
classy blonde well let me get my
scissors out and let's start chopping
and getting rid of it and foster
chickens out
the haircut I'm gonna give amanda is a
bob it's the new bob though very soft
very layered very textured the bob is a
timeless classic it's flattering through
all the ages in your twenties we've got
a perfect example of Paris Hilton
wearing a really funky modern Bob shape
it's led it's got some volume it got
kicks and bounces and weight to it it's
quite flirty and fun I love this Bob
shape on Kylie because it really
accentuates some of her best assets
she's got a small face shape but she's
got quite a strong jawline and the Bob
frames the jawline beautifully meg Ryan
is a perfect example of a woman where's
Bob really well it looks wonderful on
her because it's got volume it's got
texture it's got movement which makes it
a little very tousled and very sexy here
we can see Emma Thompson looking
fantastic with a bob it softly frames a
space shape and the sweeping fringe is
very very seductive